Hello Adrian, can you read this?
Kirito pfp is cringe

This is false. Kirigaya Kazuto, more often than not referred to as Kirito, is quite possibly the best-written anime protagonist in any series ever. Sword Art Online, more commonly known as SAO, is one of the most popular anime titles that almost anyone would know, and Kirito is by far the best character it has to offer. His ability to get his gang out of trouble in any situation without failure is stellar. And of course, the best-written character of all time deserves all the females, including but not limited to: Asuna Yuuki his sexy wife and the best girl of all time, Leafa aka Suguha his younger cousin, Sinon aka Shion Asada, and Alice Synthesis Thirty who was originally Alice Zuberg. No mere average protagonist could even dream of achieving such a harem, not Issei from Highschool DxD, not Shidou from Date A Live, not even Koyomi Araragi from the Monogatari series. No, Kirito is the greatest harem gatherer of all time, as all of his women far surpass those characters. He is also the best swordsman ever to be created, far better than Guts from the way too gory manga called Berserk. Kirito is the real black swordsman that Guts could only dream of becoming, and also SAO is far better than anything Berserk could ever dream of being. In my opinion, if you're going to be cosplaying a male character you should make sure you at least cosplay him once otherwise, you lose your weeb card. The way he never loses a fight makes the show all the more intriguing in my honest opinion. And the way he defeated Subtilizer in the final season? Truly the best-animated fight of all time. 
